https://confluence.infinera.com/display/GXCONF/Automatic+In-Service+GRD

. Automatic In Service (AINS) GRD

. System State Management GRD

. Glossary and Abbreviations

. [THANOS-10096] AINS Clarifications/Updates - Infinera Jira

OR

2. 2. Introduction

2.1. 2.1. Automatic In-Service (AINS) Provisioning Overview

The AINS (Automatic In-Service) state is used during the provisioning of services in an alarm-free state. It can also be used to troubleshoot a faulty facility
(termination point) in an alarm-free state. The term “alarm-free state” in AINS means that, during the AINS state, the alarms on the equipment or
termination point will be masked and not reported to the management interfaces. Once the abnormal (faulty) condition has been cleared on the equipment
or termination point for a configured time period, the termination point is declared to be “In-Service”. If the fault condition re-occurs during the time when
the timer is active, the equipment/termination point transitions to Out-of-Service:AINS state and the valid signal timer is reset to its configured value.

The AINS feature can be applied to various types of termination points depending on the desired applications. One of the highly desired interfaces where
the AINS needs to be supported is at the boundary (edge point) where the client signal connects to the Infinera network. Within the scope of Infinera
termination points, this interface boundary is represented by the tributary port, aka Tributary Physical Termination Point (Trib-PTP). Another interface that
needs to support the AINS feature is at the boundary where the network signal connects to the client. Within the scope of Infinera termination points, this
interface is represented by the line port, aka Line Physical Termination Point (Line-PTP) or Super Channel Group Physical Termination Point (SCG-PTP).
These two interface boundaries are shown in the figure below.

Infinera Node
CPE Transceiver TOM Line Transceiver Network
Transceive
Client AINS Boundary Line AINS Boundary
Bi-Directional Bi-Directional
Trib-PTP Line-PTP/SCG-PTP

2.2. 2.2. End-To-End Deployment Scenarios

2.2.1. 2.2.1. AINS for Ethernet/OTN Services

‘An end-to-end deployment scenario for the operational use case is shown in the figure below.
