https://confluence.infinera.com/display/GXCONF/Automatic+In-Service+GRD

TRIB AINS enabled TRIB AINS enabled
SNC

xGBE

xGBE

LOSYNC egress-LOSY?

Alarms Masked |@3 5@ Alarms Maske

Node A Node Z

As depicted in the figure above, the deployment scenario shows two network elements, Node A and Node Z, with 3x100GbE TOMs already provisioned on
each of the Nodes. The customer wants to add new capacity, with another 100GbE TOM. The goal is to ensure that the bring-up of services does not incur
any alarms on the network, as it generates unnecessary trouble tickets at the NOC.

In order to achieve this goal, the user simply configures the tributary Port 4 into AINS service, at both Node A and Node Z. If any alarms during the turn-up
starts to show up on tributary Port 4 or its associated 100GbE client, then it will be masked. Specifically, the LOSYNC at Node A, the egress-LOSYNC at
Node Z and the Sub-Network Connection (SNC) Fail alarms on Node A and Node Z will be masked. Thus, the network does not show up any alarms
during the bring-up time, also known as Valid Signal Timer, which is configurable by the user. When the fault conditions, LOSYNC and egress-LOSYNC,
are handled and fixed, usually by means of attaching a good source of client signal, the Port 4 at Node A and Node Z are bought into service automatically.

Please note that the same deployment scenario can be extended to OTUk transport services, with the only difference that the triggers for valid signal
determination is based on the OTUk facility failures. In case of Ethernet to OTN adaptation, there is one case worth describing and that is when the client
signal failure is transmitted to the OTN end when the encapsulated Ethernet client failure is present on the corresponding upstream node. Please see next
deployment scenarios for details.

2.2.2. 2.2.2. AINS for Ethernet/OTN Adaptation

The Ethernet/OTN Adaptation service comprises of an Ethernet Client Signal on one end and an OTUk Signal on the other end. These scenarios are
depicted in the following figures for unprotected and protected service scenarios respectively. The main point to bring out from these scenarios is the ability
to detect and report a Client Signal Failure condition (CSF) on the OTUk hand-off site, which is a result of a corresponding Ethernet Client Signal having a
facility failure.

In figure below, the unprotected SNC scenario, the CSF condition is detected at Node Z on the TRIB-ODU entity, due to LOSYNC failure of Ethernet Client

at Node A. Since the CSF is representing a client level failure, the AINS feature includes this condition into the invalid signal category. Thus, if AINS is
enabled on the tributary ports of Node A and Node Z, the alarms/conditions LOSYNC, CSF and SNCFAIL are masked.

Un-protected SNC

xGBE OTUk
<x ->@ (oe ex
LOSYNC Ch , |

T-oDU

+

OLOS....

Node A Node Z
C1: CSF condition

The figure below depicts a similar scenario, except that the protected services are deployed. In this scenario, the Ethernet client at Node A does not have
any outstanding alarm. However, due to an intermediate failure, the CSF is detected/asserted on the Line-ODU entity at Node Z. If the AINS is enabled on
the tributary port of Node Z, the alarms/conditions CSF and SNCFAIL are masked.
