https://confluence.infinera.com/display/GXCONF/Automatic+In-Service+GRD

Protected SNC

OTUk

Node A Node 2 C14: CSF condition

2.2.3. 2.2.3. AINS for Line/SCG

As depicted in the figure below, the deployment scenario shows two network elements, Node A and Node Z, that provide transport services between the
clients already provisioned on each of the nodes. A critical OLOS alarm arises on the Line-/SCG-PTPs of Node A and Node Z when the optical fiber line
between the two nodes is disconnected. The NOC generates a trouble ticket and dispatches the field operations crew for investigation and repair. The goal
is to ensure the fault is isolated and the recovery of services will be automatic after the issue is resolved.

TRIB AINS TRIB AINS
SNC

xGBE

e ron Xe 1@
OLoSs od OLOS 2@

3@

Line/SCG AINS Enabled Line/SCG AINS Enabled Node Z

In order to achieve this goal, the operator simply configures the Line/SCG port into AINS mode, at both Node A and Node Z. If the OLOS alarm continues
to exist during the repair, then it will be masked. Thus, the network does not show up such alarms during the repair time, also known as Valid Signal Timer,
which is configurable by the user. When the fault conditions (OLOS) are handled and fixed, and the timer expires without detecting any OLOS faults, the
Line/SCG ports at Node A and Node Z are bought into service automatically. At this point, the normal alarm reporting is resumed on the Line/SCG ports of
both nodes.

3. 3. Operational Impact

The following items describe the importance of this feature in providing operational benefits for our customers.

1. Alarms reported, when they are not supposed to, cause operational personnel additional burden, cause NOC teams to unnecessarily spend time
and effort in handling trouble tickets.
2. False alarms cause considerable cost, time and effort towards operational expenses for our customers.
3. Extraneous alarms become visible everywhere in the network. Different operational personnel (other than service turn-up staff) monitoring alarms
in the network, get unnecessary trouble tickets.
4. Differentiating between true alarms vs false alarms becomes non-trivial when co-relating the alarms network-wide, between the Node A and Node
Zz.

4. 4. User Experience Considerations
