https://confluence.infinera.com/display/GXCONF/Automatic+In-Service+GRD

[| GRD-490 - Getting issue detalls.../ Gr ,tys | ] AINS and Other Feature interaction

The NE shall continue to support the existing features. The features covered in this GRD shall coexist with existing features already supported. There
shall be no loss of functionality as a result of adding the AINS feature support. The following are the important features identified to have some feature
interaction that shall be tested and verified

1. LED behavior: No changes to the LED behavior.

2. SWIDB upgrade: The AINS and valid signal time interval values will be backed up and restored per the existing SW/DB upgrade procedure.

3. Protection Switching: The PG creation and TRIB-PTP PU selection per the existing behavior shall continue to be supported. Fault detection and
protection switching upon the existing triggers continues to be supported when in the AINS enabled state (i.e. when the RemValidSignalTimer is
active and decrementing). Both 1-port and 2-port protection shall be certified with AINS.

. Diagnostics: Ability to perform diagnostics in maintenance state shall continue to be supported.

. Performance Monitoring: The NE should continue to collect the PM data (real time and historical) when the TRIB-PTP is in the AINS enabled state.
Further, the PM buckets shall not be marked invalid due to AINS state. The existing rules for marking PM buckets validity shall prevail

6. Equipment Provisioning: The AINS feature defined shall be applicable to all the equipment type where the applicable tributary or line interfaces are
present. Also, the existing equipment provisioning methodology shall not be changed to support AINS.

. Service Provisioning: The existing methods of creating the manual cross-connects or SNCs shall be used.

. OTN mappings: Where applicable, all type of network mappings shall be supported with deployment scenarios: SNC endpoints with source to
destination clients as: GBE to GBE, GBE to OTUk, OTUk to OTUK
9. The SNC masking shall be done for both LOCAL SNC and REMOTE SNCs depending on the TRIB AINS configuration on the corresponding

endpoints.

10. Masking of TRIB, Client, Line/SCG, SCH and SNCs alarms listed in this GRD shall be certified for the multiplexing scenarios.

an

on

6. 6. Information Model for the AINS Feature

NE AttributeName  Access/Role Possible Values Default ~—_Description/Behavior
AINS RW Disabled This attribute is used to configure the AINS feature on the TRIB or Line/SCG interface.

* Enabled

© Disabled
ValidSignalTimelnterval RW 107200 minutes 480 minutes | This attribute is used to configure the valid signal timer for the AINS feature on TRIB or Line/SCG interfaces.

‘The value is configurable in 1-minute granularity.

RemValidSignalTimer RO 0107200 minutes NA This attribute is used to display the remaining valid signal timer value.

The value is reported in 1-minute granularity,

7. 7. Reviews

7.1. 7.1. Mandatory Reviewers

Reviewed/Approved Reviewed/Concerns raised, not ready to approve.

Sharfuddin Syed 16 Dee 2020 @<reviewer-name> //<date>
Nuno Pereira 16 Dec 2020
Channabasava Yadrami 16 Dec 2020

Unknown User (tstafford) 16 Dec 2020
Prasanna Jaikrishnamoorthy 16 Dec 2020
Unknown User (kkasiviswanathan) 16 Dec 2020

7.2. 7.2. Jira Requirement Table

T Key Summary Status Labels
